And then we go to the bed 11, and the bed 11, and I think it's the last line of the bed 11.
I think we went through yesterday and this time, so let's let it roughly.
As I said to you, and you all know, and this is the Haysonden, or Haysonden, do you remember?
Haysonden was told as a graduation rate with instruction only out of the teaching of the
how to develop, graduate, and then bring the realization of the Dzogchen.
This is the one that we should practice as. We're all not the highly culpable and instant
persons. The highly culpable and practicing, they don't have to go graduation, they instantly
touch to the goal of the nature. Even we receive the teaching of the most powerful, the mostly
kind of nugget Dzogchen teaching, but yet, when it comes to the practice, we have to
follow, follow graduation rates as in the meditation here, with the mindfulness of the
poor point of the training of the mind, and poor mindfulness. Those are gradually established,
and those I said, and I'm not just I said, and teaching said, those are shamatha meditation.
Shamatha meditation is a foundation of all the practices, all the meditations. With all
the good foundation of the shamatha, the meditations won't come. Because with meditation, we can
resume the teaching, so teaching is all that, but won't click so easily. Really, it was
difficult to understand it. It's kind of difficult. Even we are following the threats and the
teaching
still couldn't kind of figure out that, that's what the Vibhachana is. It's very
according to the teaching, and when we will go through the teaching, Vibhachana is so easy,
so simple, so easy. But yet, when it comes to our, to handle that, to conduct everything that,
always cannot, cannot be easy. Easy. Why? Because we don't have good foundation of the
shamatha meditation. Also, we don't have good foundation of the medituri activities.
Also, we don't have maybe, not really like, devotions. Devotions and medituris and Vibhachana,
sorry, shamatha meditation are the fundamental and essential to actualize the realizations.
Realizations, really in the teaching, all those great masters,
they've been great practitioners, very great practitioners, full of joy and love and compassion,
practicing all those accumulation practices, Vibhach, shamatha meditations, and as well as
all such bundle of practices. Bundle of practices is known as khanu, the translated as
preliminary practices, but that is just not preliminary, preliminary. It is the practice,
that practice will lead as a realization of the zochen, our own true nature. Really, it will help
because we accommodate the medituri. What medituri? Two medituri, accommodate the medituri,
what's the medituri? Look at the teaching, of course, of zocchi teachings and all those teachings,
Mahabharata teachings, ah, ah, we listen, it is wonderful, beautiful, but the realization is not
so easy because our medituri is strong enough, and our devotion is not strong enough, and then also
khamatha meditation is not strong enough. Those are the really reason in the teaching method.
We have all those quite good, really quite highlighted scholars. Then,
realization comes so easily in the great master, Sara, I say, realization of the, after the truth
of the zocchi, realize that you come to discover, really, from your one's own palm hand,
one's own hand. Discovery is here, right here. Enlightenment is not coming from somewhere,
coming, or it is going to be handed by someone. Someone, but right here, really. But why even
though it's right here, we don't recognize, or we don't discover that because of those.
What I say, why that, why all that need? Because, again, the same answer, because of the dualities
and obscurations, grasping, clinging, the habit of heaven, that each of us created
from the biggest times, is completely sealed with that. Now, to claim with that, we have to claim,
we need both, both supporters, medituri supporters. Akumalayhi marriage was the married supporters.
We need, to activate Akumalayhi marriage support, we need shammata. We need devotions.
Devotions and shammat are relative truth.
Devotions is conception, pain is consumption, and shammata, as I said, and you know too,
I, is the conception. But this conception is something different.
Consultants that will dispel the unhealthy conceptions. Unhealthy conceptions,
obstacle conceptions, hairdresser conceptions, blockage conceptions, illegal claim, and that.
And also, we're already changing. The calmness, even though shammata is a conception, devotion is
conception. But come next, call it of that shammata, call it of that devotions, aa, drone of the,
our nature of the mind, drone, d-a-w-n-a, drone of light, the morning light of the enlightenment.
Even though it is a conception, it is ready. So when we kind of touch to that light and go through
that light, we will discover the sun of the Buddha enlightenment within from our heart.
Those are in the teaching manual, manual, that all the great masters mentioned. So with this
understanding, and now, and following these lines up, there's three lines.